Good morning. It's Friday, April third, twenty twenty-six. Good Friday.
You're off work, the river is rising, and four humans
are on their way to the moon. Let's get into
it. Weather first. Jefferson City: eighty-one degrees today, partly cloudy
with a thirty percent chance of afternoon storms. Warm for
early April. Flood warnings remain active across Mid-Missouri through tomorrow
— the river was at five-point-four-five feet and climbing steeply
as of Wednesday. Tacoma: fifty-six degrees, partly sunny. A calm
spring day for Katelyn. Your calendar is empty today. It's
a state holiday. Enjoy it. This weekend, you've got smash
burgers with Mom and Dad on Sunday — confirm the
details. Next week: Proposition A vote on Tuesday, April seventh.
That's the capital improvement sales tax renewal for Cole County.
And Katelyn has an off day next Thursday. Messages. This
is important. Katelyn had a deeply unsettling experience yesterday. A
man was publicly masturbating while she was out on a
run. She's planning to file a police report. Check in
on her today. Be present. Separately, she asked how the
Anthropic pilot meeting went, and you told her it was
frustrating — I-T threw up roadblocks. More on that in
a minute. Alex mentioned that Molly is interested in your
condo. Unclear if that's casual or serious, but worth noting
if the Seattle timeline is on your mind. The Dustin
group chat had a low-key night — Thursday dinner was
Indian food, AirPods are arriving, and there was a deep
Nintendo D-S nostalgia thread. Now the news. Iran. Day thirty-five.
Three big developments. First: Macron called out Trump by name
on French television, saying his approach to Iran is, quote,
destabilizing the global order in ways that serve no one's
interests, including America's. European leaders have been dancing around direct
criticism for weeks. That dance is over. Second: Iran's parliament
is advancing legislation to establish permanent tolls on ships transiting
the Strait of Hormuz. This is the most important story
no one is talking about. If this passes, even a
ceasefire doesn't reopen the strait on pre-war terms. Iran is
trying to convert a wartime blockade into a permanent revenue
stream. Third: Defense Secretary Hegseth fired the Army's top general,
reportedly over disagreements about ground operations. The Pentagon is cycling
through military leadership during an active war. Brent crude is
above one-hundred-ten dollars. Twelve thousand three hundred targets struck. Over
two thousand killed. Russia is quietly winning by doing nothing
— the Ukraine front has frozen while American attention is
consumed by Iran. Domestically. Trump fired Pam Bondi last night.
His Attorney General. Todd Blanche — Trump's former personal defense
lawyer — is now acting A-G. Lee Zeldin may be
the permanent replacement. The D-O-J is now appealing the Anthropic
blacklist ruling to the Ninth Circuit, which was filed right
before Bondi was removed. The D-H-S shutdown is on day
forty-eight. Senate advanced a deal. House didn't act. No fix
before April thirteenth. Artemis two. The trans-lunar injection burn was
flawless. The crew has left Earth orbit and is on
their way to the moon. The lunar flyby is Monday,
April sixth. They will break the Apollo thirteen distance record
— the farthest humans have ever traveled from Earth. Four
people are between here and the moon right now. That's
worth sitting with. Anthropic. The D-O-J appeal is filed. The
Ninth Circuit will decide whether the injunction holds. OpenAI investors
are reportedly pivoting allocation toward Anthropic. The I-P-O valuation range
is widening to four hundred to five hundred billion. Revenue
has surged to nineteen billion A-R-R. The Claude Code leak
was publicly addressed. Your pilot meeting. I-T threw up obstacles.
That's frustrating, but not unexpected. Institutional resistance to new technology
in state government is structural, not personal. Here's what matters:
the D-O-J appeal actually helps your case. Every time the
federal government fights to use Claude, it validates what you're
proposing. You're not pitching an experiment — you're pitching something
the government considers worth going to court over. Polymarket update:
Mythos April thirtieth release odds down to twenty-nine percent. June
thirtieth down to fifty-four percent. A-I and tech. The A-I
industry is pouring over one hundred fifty million dollars into
the twenty twenty-six midterms. Google's Gemini three-point-one ties G-P-T five-point-four
on benchmarks at one-third the cost — that's the kind
of data point that moves government procurement. Microsoft launched three
new A-I models competing directly with its own OpenAI investment.
Tennessee signed a law banning A-I from representing itself as
a mental health professional. And LinkedIn reports nineteen thousand tech
jobs lost in March, with A-I now openly cited as
a factor. Jobs. The City of Seattle posting is confirmed
gone. Window closed. But three new listings worth noting: Bill
and Melinda Gates Foundation, Senior Strategy Officer, one-ninety to two-ninety-five
K. Google, Communications Manager for Policy, one-seventy-one to two-forty-eight K.
And City of Federal Way, Financial Analyst, eighty-seven to one-ten
K. The Gates Foundation role is interesting — at that
salary range, the geographic math works for anywhere in the
Seattle metro. Local. Flood warnings active through tomorrow. A teenager
was rescued from a tree in Morgan County. Proposition A
vote is Tuesday — review your ballot. The Missouri House
passed a psilocybin therapy study bill for veterans and first
responders. And Holts Summit businesses are fighting city hall over
a sewage smell. That's governance at every altitude. Quick hits.
Your creative writing streak is at four chapters of The
Keeping House in four days. Chapter five P-O-V is likely
Desh or Margot. The momentum is real — use the
holiday. Check the river levels today. The Anthropic blog has
been quiet since the Australia M-O-U on March thirty-first. Closing
thought. It's Good Friday. The river is rising. Four humans
are somewhere between here and the moon. Katelyn needs to
hear from you today. The pilot meeting didn't go the
way you wanted, but the appeal filing means Anthropic stays
in the fight, and your case for Claude at work
gets stronger every time the federal government treats it as
worth fighting over. Write chapter five. Check the river. Call
Katelyn. The long weekend is a gift. Use it. That's
your briefing.